Set the foregroundColor of the ExitView and GenericShieldView to the datasource textColor before snapshotting them (#2280)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Renamed `NavigationMapView.showWaypoints(_:legIndex:)` to `NavigationMapView.showWaypoints(on:legIndex:)`. ([#2230](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2230))
* Renamed `MapboxVoiceController.play(_:)` to `MapboxVoiceController.play(instruction:data:)`. ([#2230](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2230))
* Fixed an issue where a black background could be rendered in a `ManeuverView` under the arrow regardless of the `backgroundColor` set on the view. ([#2279](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2279))

> * Fixed an issue where the foregroundColor property of the `ExitView` and `GenericShieldView` were not being properly set to match the text color of the `InstructionPresenter` datasource. ([#2161](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/issues/2161))

Reviewer: Since this PR fixes a couple user-facing issues, we can focus on that aspect in the changelog instead of internal details:

```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the wrong style was applied to exit numbers in the top banner and for subsequent maneuver banners in CarPlay, resulting in poor contrast. ([#2161](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/issues/2161))
```

Author: I like the more straightforward language you wrote. I'll make the change.
